# Learningprocess


*__02/12__: Starting off with the final project. No idea where to start??? Therefor watched lecture 5 about Javascript and learned the basics whatched some more youtube videos so I know how I can implement JS in my project.
Also learned more about api's in general and watched the videos of google about their API's, especially their calendar API is interesting in my case.
*__03/12__: Used the google api and set-up a google develepors account to get data from bookings. Also build a calendar with a python module, only after advisement decided to use fullcalendar.io, also searched for possibilities to use the airbnb api. This API is no longer open for everyone, therefor I contacted Airbnb for my posibilities.
*__04/12__: Installed the fullcalendar with a npm module, fullcalendar is not yet working, the installation of the fullcalendar is quite annoying. After a long day of struggling and watching youtube videos about how to install fullcalendar Lotte helped me with installing the Fullcalendar. I tried installing the fullcalendar with the ES6 build system, I didnt get that working therefor Lotte advised to use the script tag route. Also set up the basic url paths and created base.html.
*__05/12__: I have been working on the fullcalendar javascript booking system. Combined with the google api, customizing the script is quite hard also because of a realy limited documentation. Also because my knowledge about JS is quite limited and customizing in JS is really time consuming. But now I understand Javascript way better
*__06/12__: Missed out of programming because of a flu, will be continued...
*__07/12__: ...
*__09/12__: Struggling with fullcalendar day 3... Still having a hard time with the fullcalendar script, tried to get two calendars next to each other. The two calendars were displayed but did not function too well, because I wasn't able to select dates on the left and right calendar at the same time. Therefor showing two calendars was useless, for my purpose.
*__10/12__: Airbnb did not want me to use their API, so didnt upgrade my account to a developers account. There reason was that for my purpose the ical should fulfill and there not allowing new developers at the moment... Finalized the booking calendar made sure the background colour of a date is red when booked and that dubbel bookings are no longer possible, also synced the fullcalendar with the google calendar API. I am not sure if I will still sync the calendar with the google calendar API. Because their is almost no code needed for synchronising the calendars with an Ical 
*__11/12__: Made the complete form, and installed an event creating API of google, so that the bookings can be submitted. Made a few extra html pages and implemented an JS IMG slider, which still has quite a few bugs.
*__12/12__: The reason I created a new website is because the current website has a big risk of dubbel reservations. The current website has still a few possible ways to get a dubbel reservation. Therefor I made sure that that also dateisavailable in views.py checks whether a date is still available. Fixed most of the bugs with the fullcalendar Slider, only bug it still has is when a user selects a different picture, because then the automated slideshow gets bugg
*__13/12__: Made a confirmation message when booked, also made sure that when a new picture is placed in the afbeeldingen folder the picture is automatically updated. Also created an scss file and added some lay-out.
*__14/12__: Worked on the css to customize the lay-out and tried to fix a bug of the slider, which didn't work out. Also implemented an iframe map to the contact form.
*__15/12__: Commenting everything and removing unnecessary code